Few things that were happening with me and my family and Isha(Sadhguru) for the past 4 years:

1. They(Isha Ashram employees) have hurt my daughter by using their spiritual powers which resulted in two brain surgeries, this is done just because I revealed many secrets and wrote negative reviews on them.

2. They(Isha Ashram employees) have hurt my son by making him fall many times, this is done through something called parenting or in simple terms possession of a body.

3. All these are done to make me surrender to their games that they have been playing for the past 4 years

4. These are possible through a network(what they term it in Shakti chalana Kriya) and they play mind games(tease/torture) through this.

5. To make these things happen, they PARENT the family members using their kriya(Shakti Chalana) so that they can be controlled.

6. Once they take control of family and meditator, they play games with them and make people come off entirely to serve the organization or their local centers.

7. Even as I am writing this, my family is still being parented(taken control of) and only meditator knows this and not them and we cannot prove it.

8. They take something called commitments(donations) to make peace and to parent them in a proper way but thats not happening even after donations(in lakhs) to them.

9. All shakti chalana meditators do something called mind manipulations and they can make anything happen as they did many things with me on similar lines to attend programs and volunteering.

10. They have injured my knee, shoulder and were responsible for all 4 surgeries during the period when I did Yoga. This is done internally through occult means.

11. Also, meditator's boss(at work) is being managed through PARENTING(possessing) for Isha's selfish needs - either for the donations or to against the meditator(surrender).
Similar thing is happening even with me, or else why would 1000s of people leave their lucrative jobs and families ?

12. Last step to make people surrender is to hurt their family members through creating a health problem and performing surgeries on them. Only meditator will know about this.
And people come off and work for Isha out of fear, same thing has happened with me through my daughter(2 brain surgeries)



