Few things that were happening with me and my family and Isha(Sadhguru) for the past 4 years:

1. They(Ashram employees) have hurt my daughter by using their spiritual powers which resulted in two brain surgeries, this is done just because I revealed many secrets and wrote negative reviews on them.

2. They(Ashram employees) have hurt my son by making him fall many times, this is done through something called parenting or in simple terms possession of a body.

3. All these are done to make me surrender to their games that they have been playing for the past 4 years

4. These are possible through a network(what they term it in Shakti chalana Kriya) and they play mind games(tease/torture) through this.

5. They have used many vulgar terms to degrade family members, just to make people surrender to them.

6. To make these things happen, they PARENT the family members using their kriya(Shakti Chalana) so that they can be controlled.

7. Once they take control of family and meditator, they play games with them and make people come off entirely to serve the organization or their local centers.

8. Even as I am writing this, my family is still being parented(taken control of) and only meditator knows this and not them and we cannot prove it.

9. They take something called commitments(donations) to make peace and to parent them in a proper way but thats not happening even after donations(in lakhs) to them.

10. All shakti chalana meditators do something called mind manipulations and they can make anything happen as they did many things with me on similar lines to attend programs and volunteering.

11. They have spoiled my day to day activities and are still trying to do that by playing mind games, where in my course(worth 3 lakhs) is at stake.

12. They have injured my knee, shoulder and were responsible for all 4 surgeries during the period when I did Yoga.

13. Surgeries or injuries happen as they(Shakti chala meditators) feed on other naive meditators or their family members. They do this frequently and many meditators are injured.

14. This is how many innocent people are being off from their families and made to pick up their work for money/free depending on their necessity. 
The same has been offered to me as well but I have been played upon in these terms.

15. All meditators who dont surrender to their mind games, are forcefully taken to hospital by their families and are made to take anti depressant tablets.
This is a common norm followed to make it a fool proof system when people write negative reviews on Isha.

16. Once this is done, every attempt is a direct attack on the meditator to make them come off from family life to serve in isha foundation 
and there are almost 1000 people working there as permanent employees.

17. Even meditator's boss(at work) is being managed through PARENTING(possessing) for Isha's selfish needs - either for the meditator(donations) or against the meditator(surrender).
Similar thing is happening even with me, or else why would 1000s of people leave their lucrative jobs and families ?

18. Ashram people are removing the energies and taking control of people to disturb the work and also spoil the career.

19. Last step to make people surrender is to hurt their family members through creating a health problem and performing surgeries on them. Only meditator will know about this.
And people come off and work for Isha out of fear, same thing has happened with me through my daughter(2 brain surgeries)



