AMARNATH GANGIGUNTA
Automation and Performance Lead

amarnath.gangigunta@gmail.com
+91 9966609269
www.linkedin.com/in/amarnath-gangigunta-aaa57615
Srinagar Colony, Hyderabad

COVER LETTER
======
Dear Hiring Manager, I am submitting my resume for the position of Test Automation Manager/Architect. As a skilled and highly educated professional with 12 years of experience testing Web-based applications, I am confident of my ability to make a significant contribution to your organization. My professional experience includes analyzing the business requirements, creating test strategies, and executing tests to identify bugs in new software, create and maintain automation frameworks, identifying performance bottlenecks, tune them to improve performance.With my educational background and my attention to detail and performance, I am in an excellent position to help your organization to produce top-quality software products. The following are some Skills and highlights of my qualifications and experience: - Working experience on Selenium WebDriver using Java for UI testing. - Working Knowledge of tools like JIRA, ALM, and Rally- Experience in Maven, Jenkins, Cucumber, TestNG, Junit- Experienced all phases of Agile and Waterfall models. - Experience in performance NFR gathering, Test planning, Test Strategy, monitoring of applications, and identifying bottlenecks of Application, performance tuning- Git and GitHub knowledge. - Blackbox Testing (System, System Integration, Database, Smoke, Sanity, Regression, End-End) - Complete knowledge of SDLC and STLC and Bug life cycle. - Team Leading experience, Worked as Scrum Master for the offshore team - Basic Knowledge of Rest API(Postman)- Graduated from Chaitanya Bharathi institute of Technology(CBIT) in 2010 with CGPA of 87.5 My keen knowledge of software testing in functional, Automation and Performance aspects—along with my ability to think of innovative solutions and present them to clients—will allow me to bring much value to your organization. I look forward to discussing this position and my qualifications with you. Thank you for your consideration. Regards, Amarnath Gangigunta

